Index target no date math for data stream nor alias (#1269)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-elasticsearch: docs/index.asciidoc

The indexing target to write events to. 
Can point to an {ref}/index-mgmt.html[index], {ref}/aliases.html[alias], or {ref}/data-streams.html[data stream]. 
This can be dynamic using the `%{foo}` syntax.

> 
> Dynamic syntax might make sense with data streams and aliases, but results should be
> validated against cluster index templates and Index lifecycle management (ILM) setup.
> Placeholder date math should not normally be used with aliases nor data streams.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

NOTE: When using dynamic syntax, verify that the resolved index names align with your cluster index templates and Index Lifecycle Management (ILM) configuration.

WARNING: Date math (e.g. `%{+yyyy.MM.dd}`) is not recommended for use with aliases or data streams.

```

Reviewer: @stefnestor thank you for contributing the doc. I transform your change to note and warning. Can you check if it aligns to your original message?

Author: I like it, cheers!
